---
title: "Weather"
date: 2020-05-29
tags: [data science, Weather]
excerpt: Data Science, Weather
---

https://github.com/SudoZyphr/WeatherData

The program will start off with a greeting. Then it will ask if you want to enter a zip or city. Based on the selection you will be asked to enter a valid input. The error caught will insert your answer into the URL and if that breaks it will catch and with error handling. Also, there is error handling to make sure there is a valid connection to the API. If the response does come back it will print  out the weather in a readable format. The user is allowed to perform this until the keyword done is inputted at the beginning. The data is transformed into a data frame that is able to be used by print the data. The data is appended to the pandas data frame from a json response from the API. Everytime you search another city the data frame will get more data added to it.

My code allows you to search for any city in the world to get the data of the current weather is at. The code will then take the data and print the response to the screen along with transforming the data into a data frame that could be used for data science. As a data scientist you could use this as much as is needed. This would be an easier way to just take the data and throw a timer on it to transmit data to a data frame from the same city every 5 minutes. You could set the frequency as easily as it take to just set it up.

The data was transformed from a JSON response to a readable string that is used to display to the user. Also, that data is then transformed into a data frame that could be used to be printed to the screen or even just exported. Data cleaning was not necessary as the data was coming from a clean source.
